## What is the (simplest) way to use your program on my computer?

Visit this link : [your online app] You see a dummy tournament with [8] players.
You can remove all or some, add players yourself, or change the dummy names. You
can even start a fresh empty tournament [by..]. Just enter a unique name for
each player and set a rating (default 1200), then click 'add'. Before letting
the program decide the pairings for a next round, you can select which players
to include -- or 'all'. No need to set your total amount of rounds to be played,
any next round just has this same procedure.

You can also use the program code on your own computer, serving the pages on
'localhost', see [link to doc]. It's not hard, it's a simple common setup.

## Can I only use this program in a browser?

Yes, this way it can be used on any OS

## I have an Apple / Windows / Linux computer, can i use Coronate ?

Yes, use your favorite browser.

## Can I do a tournament with only 4 players ?

Yes, and this is the minimum. With any number of players, when many rounds are
played the program may pair some players again, but preferably with colors
reversed.

## What is the maximum number of players in a tournament ?

[?]

## Can I add new players after some rounds are played ?

Yes, sometimes people want to join later, it happens. Before each new round you
can add players to the list, or unselect players which want to skip a round or
just leave. [this may require detailed screenshots]

## Can I save / export all results up to a certain round and later use those to continue the same tournament?

Yes, all your data can be exported to a single JSON file, a common open data
format. Later you can load that file, see the Options page.

## Can I alter the exported tournament .JSON file?

This is not recommended .. you might corrupt the tournament (JSON) file if you
don't know what you're doing. It's best to change any settings, e.g. player
names, by the program menus.

## Can I change a player name?

Yes, just [describe procedure and add screenshots]

## Can I remove a player from the tournament ?

Yes, just [describe procedure and add screenshots] The results of played games
remain for all their opponents.

## Can I force / fix a pairing?

Yes, just [describe procedure and add screenshots]

## Can I force / fix some player pairing will never be made?

Yes, just [describe procedure and add screenshots]

## Can I have groups in the tournament?

No, this feature is not implemented (yet). However, consider this : the
(optimal) pairings are not only calculated according to the game results so far,
but also according to rating.

## How is rating calculated according to the results?

[?!]

## How can i set a number of rounds for my tournament?

There's no need to set your total amount of rounds to be played, any next round
just has the same procedure.

## How is the automatic pairing done? (about the Swiss system)

[tell a simple story and refer to details]

## How can i review the results of previous rounds?

[describe navigation and add screesnhots]

## How can i see the current standing?

[describe navigation and add screesnhots]

## Can I print a current screen?

No, there's no print function inside the program, but your browser can print any
(web based) page, also create a (PDF) file.

## Can I undo / remove a complete round?

[describe navigation and add screesnhots]

## Can I prevent a pairing of players with high rating difference?

Normally this is done automatically, the program always finds a best suitable
opponent, according to rating and tournament results so far.

## Can I adjust the way the automatic pairing works? The Swiss system in my country differs.

No, Coronate uses [...]
